# IoT-Based-Finger-Vein-Biometric-Recognition-for-Security-System-Access
A research about detecting the accuracy of image comparing after image processing and extract only the vein lines on the finger image and testing about the false alarm. PLEASE READ THE README BEFORE TESTING!!!!.
The file ESP32Cam.INO is a program uploaded to your ESP32 CAM. the board used is AI THINKER ESP32-CAM. Don't forget to change several lines of the program to fit accordingly and work properly such as the serverName, SSID and the Password. note: for the serverName, the IP is the address for the server.
The file WemosDaftar.INO is a program used for regitering the vein images into the server which is the python. it functions as the trigger for esp32 cam to capture the image. Change the line like on point three. note: for the espCamServer, the IP is the adress for the ESP32Cam.
The file WemosCompare.INO is the file for comparing the image, it functions as the trigger for esp32 cam to capture the image and at the same time functions for the output of the results after processing the image.
the file demo.py is the file functioned as the media of processing the image sent by the ESP32 Cam. the image processing consists of: grayscale, RoI, Bilateral Filter, CLAHE, and Canny's edge detection. this program is also functions as the sender for firebase storage to store the processed image.
the last program is Coba.py is the file used for image comparation. the image stored previously on point six is taken back as the image master to compare the with the image recently taken and processed by this file. not only processing the image, this file also compare between the image and deciding whether the image is "identical" or "not identical". these result will be send to the file on point 5 for deciding the output.
